MUTUAL NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT

1. Confidential Information. For purposes of this Agreement, “Confidential Information” means all non-public, proprietary or confidential information or materials disclosed by one party to the other, including, but not limited to, financial and accounting information, budgets, projections, forecasts, business plans, operating methods, and intellectual property. 

2. Obligations and Restrictions. Each party agrees: (i) to maintain the other party's Confidential Information in strict confidence; (ii) not to disclose such Confidential Information to any third party; and (iii) not to use such Confidential Information for any purpose except for evaluating the potential business Opportunity. Each party may disclose the other party's Confidential Information to its employees and consultants who have a bona fide need to know such Confidential Information for the Purpose, but solely to the extent necessary to pursue the Purpose and for no other purpose.

3. Exclusions. Confidential Information does not include information or materials that: (a) are or become generally available to the public other than as a result of a disclosure by the receiving party; (b) were rightfully known by the receiving party prior to receiving such information from the disclosing party; or (c) are rightfully acquired by the receiving party from a third party who has the right to disclose such information without breach of any confidentiality obligation.

4. Return of Materials. Upon the completion or abandonment of the Purpose, and in any event upon the disclosing party's request, the receiving party will promptly return to the disclosing party all tangible items and embodiments containing or consisting of the disclosing party's Confidential Information and all copies thereof.

5. Equitable Relief. Each party acknowledges that the unauthorized use or disclosure of the disclosing party's Confidential Information may cause the disclosing party to suffer irreparable harm and incur significant damages, the degree of which may be difficult to ascertain. Accordingly, each party agrees that the disclosing party will have the right to seek immediate equitable relief to enjoin any unauthorized use or disclosure of its Confidential Information, in addition to any other rights or remedies that it may have at law or otherwise.